I'm going to start with a small pork
chop and what I'm going to do first is
just remove all of this fat from the
pork chop and once all the fat is
removed I'm just going to cut it into
tiny squares now to do this I'm first
going to cut it in half this way long
ways and this is going to make two thin
pork chops now you can buy them thin at
the store and cut out this step here so
then I have two thin pork chops like
this then what I want to do is just cut
them into strips and I'm going to cut
the strip's into small squares like this
so that I have tiny pieces of pork just
about this size
you
I'm going to start by just sprinkling in
the ground ginger and then adding the
soy sauce and then with my hand I just
want to mix these ingredients into the
pork once those ingredients are mixed in
I'm just going to add the hoisin sauce
and then again use my hands to mix it in
and once that is mixed in I'm just going
to cover it and let it marinate for 30
minutes
now all the pork marinades one of the
first things I want to do is just remove
all of the clumps out of my rice and to
do that I'm just going to use my hand
and just kind of break up these larger
clumps like this and once all the clumps
are removed we can go ahead and just set
it aside
now here are the carrots which I've
already peeled and the first thing that
I want to do is just cut off the ends
like this and what's the answer cut I
just want to cut my carrot into about
eighth of an inch pieces so I want to
cut it like that and then I'm going to
cut it like this so that I have small
tiny squares just about that size and
once all my character cut I'm just going
to place them into a microwavable safe
Bowl and I'm going to cover them with
hot water and microwave them on high for
about two minutes now this is comparable
to parboiling only it's a little bit
quicker
now here I have the green onion which I
washed under cold running water and
dried with paper towels and I'm just
going to chop off the end where the
roots are here and also just about an
inch from the top just to get rid of
some of the wilted parts there and then
what I want to do is just cut this into
small slivers just about this size and
once the green onion is chopped we can
go ahead and set that aside
and once the oil is hot I'm going to go
ahead and add in the pour
I'm just going to start by it about
three four minutes
you
and ask you about three to four minutes
I just want to kick the out and
place it on a plate and set it aside
you
and once that oil is hot we can add our
teaspoon of our chopped garlic and also
our green onions and we just want to
stir fry them for about 30 seconds or
until fragrant and then ask for about 30
seconds you can go ahead and add our
rice and we just want to stir fry the
rice for about three minutes and then
after about three minutes I'm just going
to make a well in the center of my ride
then I'm going to crack my egg directly
into the center of the rice and just
kind of break it up and let it cook
scrambled in the middle like that
I like the edges barely touched you can
just go ahead and mix it into the rice
like that
and once the egg is girly mixed in then
we can return our pork to the lock and
add in our carrots and our soy sauce and
then just stir mix everything up
together
you
and once it's mixed together then you
can remove it from the scene and once
the fried rice is done then it is ready
to serve
enjoy
you